- In this video we are going to talk about one of the diseases that appear
-in this encyclopedia of health.
- This disease is Alzheimer's
- Alzheimer's is the most common neurodegenerative disease and
-the leading cause of dementia in the population.
-Currently, there are around 600,000 people in Spain with this disease and,
-due to the progressive aging of the population
-It is estimated that in 2050 there could be a million cases of affected in our country.
-It is a neurodegenerative disease,
-characterized by abnormal deposition of amyloid protein and tau protein in the brain.
-In this photo we can see the difference between a healthy brain and another with advanced Alzheimer's
-the symptoms of this disease the main symptoms are cognitive impairment
-the time-space disorientation the difficulty to express oneself and
-difficulty in performing activities of daily living
-Here, as we can see in this picture, the disease goes through several phases
-The first phase contains mild memory problems and cognitive problems
-How can it be, I don't remember what I ate today
-then in phase two he starts with short term memory problems and needs help
-for everyday activities such as going to the bathroom or eating
-and then finally in phase three the last phase of this terrible disease is
-the loss of ability to respond to their environment that is when someone speaks to you
-you listen to him but you are not able to answer
-and finally death since this disease makes your body stop working and
-forget how it works
-then things as simple as doing belly do not know how to do it